Notes on my dissertation

Build with
pdflatex dissertation.tex
bibtex dissertation
pdflatex dissertation.tex
pdflatex dissertation.tex

2.9.15
Matched WSU formatting up through abstract. (Need to ask WSU Grad School whether
the formatting needs to be explicitly followed. It sure is ugly.)

Figure out how to format TOC/LOT/LOF:
  http://texblog.org/2011/09/09/10-ways-to-customize-tocloflot/
    a list of possible edits to these objects
  http://texblog.org/2011/09/09/10-ways-to-customize-tocloflot/
    how to add "Page" above page numbers in TOC

2.13.15
No worries about formatting of chapter headings and TOC/LOT/LOF, these are flexible
as long as I'm consisitent. So make all of these regular text size, and not bold,
and all caps (Acknowledgements, Abstract, TOC, LOT, LOF). And make everything else
standard latex book format.

3.11.15
1) What can I leave out? 2) Traditional or Alternative format? 3) Can I push back
my defense date, and graduate this Summer? Met with Matt, Leslee, and Sabreen
today to discuss these questions. Conclusions:
1) There's a lot of leeway in what can go in, within the constraints of the Grad
   School, it's a departmental (committee) decision. Email my committee members
   to ask "Here's what I'm thinking of putting in there. Here are a few things
   that will be left out. Do you recommend I go forward, or revise my plans?"
   Also, "can I reuse text from previously-published not-first-author papers?"
   Also, "What's the context/expectation for this document? Is my dissertation
   supposed to represent my work?" (Of course...)
2) Traditional. There's more freedom to have unpublishable stuff in there, and
   you can still write it basically like you would have written the Alternative
   format dissertation.
3) Yes, but you have to decide by April 8 (10 working days in advance of your
   scheduled defense date, which is probably April 22.) And if you do push it
   back, to say mid-May, you will have to pay for 2 summer credits, ~$1000 ea.

4.17.15
Figures: I discussed with my committe and the Graduate School (Daniel Vickoren)
whether I could use 'hand-drawn' style figures in my thesis, everyone said, "no
problem".

